Welcome to David's Personal Wiki!
My name is David Cannan. I am a developer and hacker with 1 years of experience in IT. My skills include Python, javascript, automation, cloud, networking, web testing, and so much more. I have worked on and completed projects such as...
Welcome to the personal GitHub Wiki of David Cannan! Here, you'll learn more about me, my coding journey. I hope you enjoy getting to know me better and find some useful information along the way. Please, make yourself at home!
About Me
Hey there! I'm David, an self taught developer and engineer, and technology enthusiast. When I'm not coding, I'm busy raising my kiddos. I'm passionate about technology, and I'm always eager to learn and grow in this ever-evolving field.
My Coding Journey
My adventure in programming began when I came across python years ago. It took time for me to evolve into someone who can appreciate what you can really do with code. Since then, I've become proficient in various languages, including Python, JavaScript, and C++. I've worked on a diverse range of projects, from web applications to machine learning algorithms. You can check out my work on my GitHub Repositories page.
I've created up my own infrastructure at home for testing purposes, which includes creating custom pipelines with tools like Git and Ansible server for deployment to my homelab. I've also established a MariaDB where Ive populated 35k collected entries to practice query optimization and learn about cyber security and CI/CD processes. Additionally, I'm
             Self made
  👋
 About Me 1

  honing my skills in processing data using languages such as Node.js and Python, and I'm building my own datasets for artificial intelligence applications.
I'd love to connect with fellow developers, Markdown enthusiasts, or anyone curious about tech! Feel free to reach out on Twitter or LinkedIn.
Happy coding!
Projects & Accomplishments:
Built and programmed a CNC machine from scratch (2022)
Created Cloud Infrastructure that spins up x-amount of virtual machines in DigitalOcean which preforms recon on a bounty programs using APIs for use on active bounties programs.
Created Python bots managed through a private Discord server for various tasks:
Web app testing
Digital asset management
Cross-platform social media management
Developed EtsyListingManager app to streamline Etsy listing management Crafted frontend applications using React and Next.js
Managed servers through Linode and utilized AWS services such as Elastic Completed Antisyphon: Mitre ATT&K Course on day 1 of 4.
This Notion Page is an About Methat my custom OpenAI bot with Notion API, and is my way of telling my bot who I am, so that it can best make decisions on my behalf when it is optimizing my life.
 😄
☕
  GitHub
 David's GitHub Stats
Total Stars Earned: 27 Total Commits (2023): 238 Total Issues: 8
A+
  Most Used Languages
Python 55.90% Roff 1.36% JavaScript 25.29% CSS 0.70% HTML 16.75%
  Facebook

Achievements

Antisyphon's Mitre ATT&CK Course for web app penetration testing, on day 1 of 4.

GitHub contribution rating of A+ with CICD pipelines and automated Al repository dependency management.

CI/CD Monorepo managing Angular projects, Vercel deployments, and continuous testing with Checkly.

Developed Python applications for "no-effort" passive income solution. Automating the use of openai's artificial intelligence, and integrating with everyday applications.

Full stack deployment of web applications in minutes, with functionality as I need it.

Homelab development utilizing Docker and hand writing docker-compose files as needed.

Skills

AngularJS, Ansible, Application Development, Artificial Intelligence, AWS, Back End, C++,

Cloud Computing, Computer Science, Continuous Delivery, Continuous Integration, Data Analytics, Data Structure, Data Visualization, Docker, Full Stack, IT Automation, Java, JavaScript, Kubernetes, Linux, Marketing Analytics, MySQL, Penetration Test, Project Engineering, Project Management, Python, Software Engineering, Web API, Web Services

Additional Information

Desired Salary

$150,000 / year

Industry

Computer/Software

Experience Level

Mid Level (3-6 years)


Work Experience

Photographer, Full Stack, CI Developer

CDA Photography

Jan 2018 - Present

)

Owner & Operator

Managed a successful photography business, honing skills in project management and client relations

Maintained CI/CD pipelines and managed the business website Show Less

Head of Department

T & T Caseworks

Jan 2021 - Oct 2022

Led the department to significant profits by implementing efficient processes and driving productivity

Resigned in October 2022 to focus on self-teaching coding skills and advancing in the technology industry Show Less

David Cannan davidacannan@gmail.com (404)358-4338
Douglasville, Georgia 30134 US
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/cdasmkt GitHub: https://github.com/CDAprod
Twitter: https://twitter.com/cdasmktcda
Summary:
A highly-motivated, self-taught developer with a strong background in Python, JavaScript, and various other programming languages. Overcame personal challenges and successfully transitioned from woodworking to programming, demonstrating exceptional problem-solving skills, empathy, and the ability to remain calm under pressure. A valuable team player committed to ongoing growth and improvement.
Experience:
T&T Caseworks (2021 - October 2022)
Head of Department
Led the department to significant profits by implementing efficient processes and driving productivity Resigned in October 2022 to focus on self-teaching coding skills and advancing in the technology industry
Freelance Photographer (2018 - Present)
Owner & Operator
Managed a successful photography business, honing skills in project management and client relations Maintained CI/CD pipelines and managed the business website
Skills:
Python JavaScript React Next.js HTML CSS
Rust (learning) Golang (learning)
Projects & Accomplishments:
Built and programmed a CNC machine from scratch (2022)
Created Cloud Infrastructure that spins up x-amount of virtual machines in DigitalOcean which preforms recon on a bounty programs using APIs for use on active bounties programs.
Created Python bots managed through a private Discord server for various tasks:
Web app testing
Digital asset management
Cross-platform social media management
    OpenAI
1

  Developed EtsyListingManager app to streamline Etsy listing management Crafted frontend applications using React and Next.js
Managed servers through Linode and utilized AWS services such as Elastic Completed Antisyphon: Mitre ATT&K Course on day 1 of 4.
Education:
Self-taught programmer with a strong focus on Python, JavaScript, and various programming languages
Initially planned to attend a Computer Science program in 2011, but life circumstances changed due to injuries from a fire
Personal Interests:
Custom woodworking and CNC projects
Building the ultimate developer's lab
Continuous learning and personal development Raising my triplet 8 year olds as a single father Providing counsel and support to family and friends

Name: David Cannan

Email: davidacannan@gmail.com | cdasmkt@gmail.com

Phone: 404-358-4338 | 

Location: Douglasville, GA

Github: [https://github.com/cdaprod] 

Linkedin: [https://linkedin.com/in/cdasmkt]

Summary:

Results-driven Frontend Developer with 5+ years of experience in Adobe Creative Cloud, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Python, C++, VSCode and other IDEs.

Strong background in creating content using programs like Adobe After Effects, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe Design for CDA Photography LLC.

Proven ability to deliver high-quality, responsive, and user-friendly web pages and applications, as well as backend cloud architecture and development with VPS such as AWS, Linode,  and Digital Ocean.

Skills:

- Proficient in Adobe Creative Cloud applications (full subscription for over 5 years), HTML/CSS/JavaScript, Python, and limited C++, VSCode and other IDEs.

- Strong experience in creating content using programs like Adobe AE, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe Design, and Adobe Dreamweaver.

- Web design and development best practices, including responsive design and accessibility standards.

- Knowledgeable and experienced in web application testing experience in Bug Bounty Programs which has helped me in learning about security vulnerabilities that come from both frontend and backend development, and gives me and advantage when it comes to knowing how end-users both experience a web applications and how to look at a function in a way that can prevent bugs from being missed.

- Understanding and ability to create and implement such as: APIs, SQL databases, webhooks, HTTP request methods, etc.

- Experience working with Git and other version control systems. 

- Proficient with both Windows & Linux file systems; excels in command-line environments. 

- Languages consisting of: Python, BASH, Powershell, HTML/CSS/JS. 

- Frameworks/libraries: react and angular. Some experience using GOLANG, rust, and C++.

- Strong debugging and problem-solving skills. 

- Currently studying to take certifications: CompTIA Security+ & AWS Solutions Architect. 

- Understanding of computer science and internet protocols concepts and functionality. 

Timeline of Work Experience:

(2018--2022) 

CDA Photography LLC - Douglasville, Georgia 

Owner and Product Developer 

- Offered photo/video and editing services for schools, business, and families in the surrounding West-Atlanta area. Initialized my frontend and backend development out of necessity, which led me to further my skill sets by opening me up to Adobe products and services. Implemented cloud infrastructures for the delivery and backup of sessions and content, and expanded client access to data. 

- Built and maintained front end e-commerce website ("DavidCannanPhotography.com" which is no longer availible); created and managed security for domains and back end services; managed off premise backups and updates. 

- Managed Type-1 hypervisors to implement software as needed for product editing and deployment, while containerizing websites and applications for scaling.

- Worked on the development of responsive and user-friendly web pages and applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript.

- Utilized Adobe Creative Cloud, Adobe Dreamweaver, and VSCode to design and implement visually appealing products for clients.

- Created content using Adobe After Effects, Adobe Illustrator, and Adobe Design.

(2021-2022)

T&T Caseworks - Douglasville, GA

Head of Lamination Department 

- Laminator - The person who laminated and abided by deadlines for hundreds of jobs, over my time I laminated hospitals like, Welstar, NHS, MSC of ATL, Kenestone..

- Constructed and programmed CNC via programmable logic controllers in C++ and Python; developed PCBs when designing electrical circuitry.

(2015-2018)

Grace Christian Academy - Powder Springs, Georgia 

Primary janitorial custodian

- Head of janitorial and maintenance; oversaw the property of GCA/preschool/K-12 and was able to create a workflow for myself to better perform tasks that I was entrusted with by the school’s administration & primary owner of the property. 

(2014)

Evaluated life and goals

- Life-changing experience when I became a father to three triplet boys in 2014 and took to raising them on my own.

- An important moment in my life and help me develop the patience, responsibility, and the desire to become a role model for my children. 

- Motivated and inspired me to make the necessary changes in my life in order to provide a sustainable future for my family. 

(2012-2013)

Pete Guy Paving - Atlanta, Georgia 

Paver

- Labor worker; helped in paving asphalt for small businesses in the surrounding area. 

(2010-2011)

Student at Chattahoochee Technical College - Marietta, GA

Incomplete

- First attempt at majoring in computer sciences and networking.

(2007-2009)

Fabiano’s Pizzaria - Douglasville, Georgia

Line Cook

- Managed basic cooking tasks while working alongside others. 

Recent Documented Hardware Development Projects  

[https://uhhits.fun](https://uhhits.fun/)

- Designed and developed hardware for the purpose of data capture and analysis, to populate SQL database for research so to further my knowledge and experiences when developing software such as databases and virtual private cloud instances. 

- Micro-soldering and jumping of electrical circuits for hardware restoration and data recovery.

Education:

- Chattahoochee Technical College - Marietta, GA(Incomplete) Major Computer Science & Networking | 2010-2011

- South Paulding High School - 2004-2007 (Graduated